Make sure proof canonicalization is reproducible. (#12)
digitalbazaar/data-integrity: CHANGELOG.md

# @digitalbazaar/data-integrity Changelog

> ## Unreleased
> 
> ### Fixed
> - Change json-ld context fallback in `canonizeProof` to the document's `@context`, adding the suite context only if necessary. This ensures that the canonicalized proof is identical in both issuance and verification.

Reviewer: Minor style nits:

```suggestion
## 1.4.1 - 2023-08-dd

### Fixed
- Change JSON-LD context fallback in `canonizeProof` to the document's
  `@context`, adding the suite context only if necessary. This ensures that
  the canonicalized proof is identical in both issuance and verification.
```
